♪ It seems today
that all you see ♪
♪ Is violence in movies
and sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
good old-fashioned values ♪
[all]
♪ On which we used to rely? ♪
♪ Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man who
positively can do ♪
♪ All the things
that make us ♪
♪ Laugh and cry! ♪
[all]
♪ He's a family guy! ♪
All right, now remember,
we're trash,
so no dressing rooms for us.
The Griffins are proud
middle-of-the-aisle
try-on people.
Take a look, I don't care.
Brian, I found our costume!
We're gonna be Sonny and Cher!
And either one of us
could be Cher, I don't care--
I guess I'll be Cher.
How do you know
I don't already have plans
-for Halloween?
-You do have plans.
You're dressing as Sonny
and trick-or-treating with me.
If you come near me,
-you're saying you're okay
with getting hit!
-[both gasp]
Yeah, everybody has a plan
until they see the husky kid
in the Halloween store
going absolutely nuts
with nunchucks!
[yells]
This pumpkin's huge!
-How'd you get it so big?
-Giggity.
You guys promise not to laugh?
-Oh, yeah, yeah.
-Yes.
I wished for it.
[laughing]
I knew you guys would laugh,
but I also tended to it
for months.
My only question is, why?
Every year, I enter Quahog's
Great Pumpkin
Halloween Contest
and get creamed by that
dang Patrick McCloskey.
Guy's got the best soil
in town.
He's over there
on the east side.
You know what that means.
I think you know we don't.
Closer to the coast,
more moisture.
Should really be two contests,
one for each side of town.
I think one's the right amount
of contests.
Patrick McCloskey?
Why do I know that name?
Wait, weren't there
weird rumors about him
and Bonnie?
No, it's just
the pumpkin thing.
We are going to be
such a thing
at trick-or-treating.
I'd honestly be Sonny
if I wasn't exactly
Cher's size.
I'm going to take
this costume off.
Not yet, it's time for choreo!
That's choreography.
Did you know that?
Stewie, I can't just spend
all day doing--
So it's rock left,
rock right,
right elbow into chest,
half-air bump,
left elbow into chest,
half-air bump.
Say it with me.
[together]
Rock left, rock right,
right elbow into chest,
half-air bump.
You're off tempo.
-Rock left, rock right...
-Left... right...
-...right elbow into chest,
half-air bump.
-Chest... half...
-Bump.
-You're off tempo, again.
I'm starting to think
you don't really want this.
I don't want this.
Brian, do you know
how many Puerto Rican men
came here in giant sweatpants
to audition for me?
You're taking this too far.
I'm not getting bossed around
by you for the next two days.
Well, now you know
how Cher felt about Sonny.
[sighs] I knew it was just
a matter of time
until we became
the two of them.
You look ridiculous,
by the way.
How dare you?
Rupert thinks I look amazing.
Well, great.
Rupert can be Sonny
because I'm done.
I'm not taking you
trick-or-treating.
I'm going to hang out
with my friends.
Oh, your "friends," huh?
Name one.
-Shut up.
-Oh, yeah, "Shut Up,"
great guy.
I hate you!
God, Brian's such a jerk.
"Have Rupert be Sonny."
You know what? Maybe I will.
And here's your stupid
very-real-feeling
mustache back.
Where do you even get
something like this?
Don't worry
about where I got it.
[Tom] Hello?
Where am I?
Is anybody there?
[screaming] No!
You guys
are big fact guys, right?
I read Native Americans used
every part of the pumpkin.
It provided many gifts.
Clothing, soap, tools.
Pumpkins were even honored
as relatives
and paid tribute
to through songs,
dance, and prayers.
I am 100% sure
it's the buffalo
to which you are referring.
Let's see
how the little guy's doing.
A dark-eyed junco?
That's a pumpkin
death sentence!
Scram, scram!
Get out of there! Bonnie?
[over intercom]
You out there? Get the broom!
What were we talking about?
Pumpkins?
Shut up about the pumpkin!
I might give Bon a quick call.
Make sure she knows
she's on bird duty.
I apologize for my outburst.
It's something I'm working on.
No apology necessary.
I've had about all I can take
of this stupid pumpkin.
Hey, what if we hid
Joe's pumpkin
before it gets picked up
for the fair tomorrow morning?
-I'm way in.
-Great idea, Peter.
It's just a standard plan
of attack.
Something I picked up
when I served at Fort Bragg.
I once hit three homers
in a wiffle ball game.
Why are you telling me this?
Fort Bragg.
You're going
to the war tomorrow.
-Where is it?
-Afghanistan.
I've been there,
like, four times, no big deal.
[thunder crashes]
All right, Rupert,
prepare to be brought to life
to be my Sonny for Halloween.
Oop, almost forgot.
And finally,
this metal-studded dog collar
to conduct electricity,
and not because it's
my biggest kink.
[Meg]
Did the Internet just go out?
It won't be long!
[Chris] Yeah, it's out.
Guys, you can go,
like, two seconds
without the Internet!
[electricity crackling]
[thunder crashing]
[crackling intensifies]
It's not alive.
It's not alive!
[Chris]
Internet's back for me.
[Meg] Me too.
Reebok.com, baby!
[sighs]
[thunder crashes]
One, two, three!
[all grunting]
-Where are we taking this?
-I don't know.
What?
I thought you had a plan!
Yeah, the plan,
which everyone loved,
was to hide the pumpkin.
Oh, for crying out loud.
Am I the only one
who can make plans?
I have decision fatigue.
-[both gasp]
-Uh-oh.
We wrecked Joe's pumpkin.
And my sneakers!
[thunder crashes]
Cleveland, are you--
Are those Yeezys?
They're cheaper now.
[thunder crashes]
Rupert?
Rupert, you awake?
Oh, good, you are.
Yes, it's about Brian.
He was so mean.
I can't believe he just
ditched me on Halloween.
He's my best friend,
and this is how he treats me.
I hate him.
Seriously,
I wish he were dead.
I mean it,
no takesies-backsies.
Good night, Rupert.
Rupert?
Rupert, you awake?
Oh, good, you're awake.
Good night.
[snores]
[thunder crashes]
Dear Stewie,
you've given me life,
and some would say
I'm indebted to you.
Well, I don't know
if all that's true,
but you've got me,
and, baby, I've got you.
[laughing]
And now to fulfill your wish,
I must kill Brian.
But first, I must kill
this bag of Doritos.
[announcer]
Family Guy. It was either this
or we fire three writers.
Step aside.
Now, let's remember,
it's just a pumpkin.
[gun cocks]
No, no, no!
We can put it back together.
Are you telling me
you can do
what the Humpty Dumpty
crew couldn't?
I-- I never got
to the end of that.
And you have no king's horses,
and they had
all the King's horses.
I'm not sure how much horses
can help fix a broken egg guy.
Yeah, good luck
with those hooves.
[groans]
Well, I'm finished.
May as well give McCloskey
the trophy now.
You know,
the damage is on the bottom.
We can just shovel
the rest of the goop
back in and prop it up.
We can't just scoop 307 pounds
of pumpkin guts in there.
[horn honking]
307 pounds is my exact weight.
This is crazy, but I think
I could slide in
through the hole
in the bottom.
Then I could just sit in there
for a few hours,
and maybe you can
still win the contest.
You'd do that for me?
I broke it. I'll fix it.
Plus, I want to beat McCloskey
for you.
I heard about him and Bonnie.
I don't know
what people are hearing.
It's just pumpkin stuff
with us.
Welcome to the Quahog
Great Pumpkin Contest.
We're going to start today
with the pumpkin pie
eating event.
Peter Griffin is
our reigning champion.
Peter, come on up and accept
this Pie to the City.
[Peter] Joe, I need
to come out for a minute.
It's too risky, Peter.
The Pie to the City
enables the bearer
to go to any establishment
with pie
and get a free pie
at any time.
Sorry, bud.
We'll get you pie later.
-[engine revving]
-[tires screeching]
[spits]
-Who is that?
-Who was that?
That's the king.
That's McCloskey.
He's allowed to just park
on the grass?
They'll ask him to move.
That's what they did
last year.
Stewie thinks
I have no friends.
Then what are all these?
Hello, Brian.
Enjoy your last call.
[ringing]
Hello?
Sanfo, what do we got going on
for All Hallows' Eve?
Hang sesh?
Who is this?
Bri-guy, from the line.
What line?
"What line," he says.
Top Gun: Maverick.
Uh, dude, that was,
like, three years ago.
Ha! What're we
gettin' into tonight,
you ol' bull shark?
I don't know, man.
I might go
to the Quahog Cemetery
outdoor movie.
Love it. Should we get
the Dime Boys involved
is the question?
Hey, while I got ya,
let me show you my yard.
So much potench.
Ugh. "Potench."
Now I want to kill him twice.
Look at him.
He's so cool.
[Peter] I want to see him
so bad.
Hoo-hoo-hoo!
Look who it is,
"Second Place" Swanson.
That nickname
doesn't make sense
because one year
I was sixth place.
Feel stupid now, McCloskey?
Let me get a closer look
at your pumpkin.
Could barely see it
from over there.
[Peter] Ha, classic McCloskey.
-What was that?
-What?
All I hear are whispers
from all the pumpkin bloggers
saying McCloskey's reign
is over.
Good news.
When your pumpkin loses,
you can still use it
as a centerpiece
at Thanksgiving. [laughs]
Provided you have
a small enough table.
-[grunts]
-Hey, hey, hey, hey!
It's not worth it.
None of this is.
I wish I stayed home.
And this year's Quahog
Great Pumpkin winner is...
[drum roll]
It's just pumpkin stuff, Joe.
Oh, good.
See, fellas? Pumpkin stuff.
Joe Swanson!
-Yeah! Mwah.
-Ugh!
Better luck next year,
McCloskey.
What are they doing?
All the Pumpkin County winners
are entered
in the State Halloween Contest
in Providence.
Do you know anything about
regional pumpkin contests?
Oh, suck my bumpy gourd,
McCloskey.
Your what?
My bumpy little orange,
green, and yellow
Gonzo-nose-shaped gourd.
Stop describing it.
[Peter] Are we driving?
I don't have a seat belt.
[kids] Trick-or-treat!
Weird. That kid looks like
your teddy bear.
Except he's holding
a big knife
and has a present-day
Anthony Kiedis costume.
That's not present-day
Anthony Kiedis.
That's Sonny Bono.
Oh, my God, it worked!
I made life! Yay!
Rupert, you're alive!
Thanks to you.
This is amazing! Oh,
we have so much to talk about.
But first, candy.
I can't wait to join you,
right after I find
and kill Brian, babe.
Wait, what?
Remember?
"I wish Brian were dead."
Oh, I was just angry
for a second.
But forget all that.
You're alive!
Let's trick-or-treat.
Of course.
Once I kill Brian.
Come on, Rupert.
Don't be silly.
I'm not mad anymore.
Actually, I like being
a solo act.
I got an Oscar and, like,
100 hot young boyfriends
ahead of me.
Gonna do a fishnet dance
on an aircraft carrier,
remind our boys in white
what they're fightin' for.
Anyway,
you don't have to kill him.
But you said,
"No takesies-backsies."
Rupert, where did you go?
Oh, my God,
I have to save Brian!
Mr. Herbert,
you're trick-or-treating?
Oh, I use Halloween
to take care of
a little yearly housekeeping.
[giggling]
[doorbell rings]
Trick-or-treat!
I'm a registered sex offender.
Brian!
Where could he be?
Hey, Cher!
Hey, guys!
I'm putting this on Instagram!
Well, this is a big hit.
I can't stop smiling.
Instagram! Of course!
Brian doesn't have
the confidence
not to shove
every sad little thing
he does down our throats.
Bingo!
He's going to watch
an '80s horror boob movie
at the cemetery.
"Gonna be cool
to see them so big."
Hashtag big screen boobs.
"Waiting on my guy Sanfo
with the provisions."
Parenthetical,
"All the Jameson, please.
LOL."
Ugh, what a mess.
[Rupert] Shall we split a cab?
-[yelps]
-It's nice he's
at the cemetery.
Less clean up.
[phone dings]
God, that's awful.
Peter's been in that pumpkin
all day.
We gotta find him
and get him out.
It's going to take us hours
with all these pumpkins.
-Peter!
-[Peter] Yeah?
-Oh, wow.
-Can I come out?
I should be at work.
Yeah, let's get you
out of there.
Well, well, well.
"Miracle-Grow" Joe.
McCloskey,
what are you doing here?
I saved my wristband
from last year.
They didn't change the color.
I didn't ask how you got in.
Well,
something doesn't add up.
Last year,
your pumpkin was 18 pounds.
And this year, it's 307?
Seems like
a disproportionate step up.
But what do I know?
Just almost every
pumpkin thing there is.
Get lost, McCloskey.
Oh, ho-ho-ho!
No, I'm sticking around.
I'm gonna get
to the bottom of this.
[Peter] Yeah, now I'm kind of
wondering myself.
[announcer] Hello, hipsters
and newly-sober people
who ran out of
seltzer flavors to try.
The movie will start soon.
Do you mind if I scoot
your blanket over a bit?
You're on my dad's grave,
and I'd like to leave
these flowers.
I totally get it
from your perspective,
but Sanfo should be here
in uno momento,
and there's a chance
the Dime Boys may roll,
so, yeah, no.
Hello.
Do you mind if I sit?
Whoa, a kid dressed as a bear
dressed as Sonny Bono?
That's so weird.
Oh, how so?
Just-- I was supposed to go
as that.
Well, why didn't you?
Maybe somebody
was counting on you.
Oh, that's not him.
Sorry, bud.
I'm sorta keeping an eye out
for my friends.
They'll probably need help
with the YETI.
It's the big one. Not cheap,
but heirloom quality.
You know, to have a friend,
you must first be a friend.
And you haven't been
a very good one, have you?
Hey, you got it, Sonny.
Hey, I'm gonna run
to the bathroom.
If you see three guys
dressed as Anchorman
scream-quoting Will Ferrell,
tell 'em this is the spot.
Oh, this is the spot,
all right.
The spot to die.
[Peter crying]
We gotta get
Peter out of there.
He's starting to lose it.
Something is off
with this pumpkin.
Don't hate me
'cause you ain't me.
McCloskey said that to me
last year and now I say it.
I have to go to the bathroom
more than the pail in here!
-[judges gasp]
-Mr. Swanson,
what is going on here?
[sighs] I'm sorry.
I've disgraced--
[man]
I also have to go
to the bathroom
more than the pail in here!
Who is that?
[together]
We all have to go
to the bathroom
more than the pail in here!
My wife made me volunteer
for this job.
I'm not really sure
what to do.
Maybe we just vote
on the fattest guy?
This seems mean now.
How'd you know I was cheating?
The truth is...
[sighs] there's no way
to win this contest clean.
No real pumpkin
is ever over 20 pounds.
But yours always are.
My fat son sits in mine
every year.
All these years,
I thought giant pumpkins
were just full of seeds.
Forget it, Joe.
It's Pumpkin Town.
[♪ moody jazz music playing]
[engine revving]
I gotta put
some thought to this,
but I think I may be in love
with that guy.
Have you seen a dog
with a bear
in a Sonny Bono costume?
[laughs]
No, nothing like that.
Just a dog with a bear
in a present-day
Anthony Kiedis costume.
That's him!
Which way did they go?
-[choking]
-[grunting]
Oh, God, I'm too late.
You're not too late!
But by the time
I start helping,
don't you think
it'll be too late?
Not at all. Help!
-[groans]
-[grunts]
You should go.
I don't think
you'll want to see
what happens next.
I command you
not to kill Brian.
Dear, dear, Stewie,
don't you see it?
You only animated me to life
when Brian said
he wouldn't be Sonny.
You turn to me only when
Brian's mean to you.
I'm always second to him.
Well, that's not true.
Isn't it?
Do you know
my name's not even Rupert?
It's Jerry.
Ugh, I've been hanging out
with a Jerry?
But once Brian's gone,
I'll finally be first.
You're one and only
best friend.
[yells]
[grunts]
[growls]
[screams]
[both grunting]
Say you'll leave Brian alone,
and I'll let you go.
[choking] I can't do that.
In that case,
you leave me no choice.
[gurgling]
[singing, crying]
♪ If I could turn back time ♪
♪ If I could find a way ♪
♪ I'd take back those words
that have hurt you ♪
♪ And you'd stay ♪
[grunts]
What's... what's happening?
Oh, hey, man.
How much did you hear?
You brought your bear to life
and told him to kill me?
Damn, I was hoping
you missed that.
Also, you chose me
and saved my life.
[sighs]
You're my best friend, Bri.
I'm really sorry
I put you through this.
Eh, I was pretty selfish, too.
I should have made time
to take my best friend
trick-or-treating.
I'm your best friend?
You're pretty much
my only friend.
What about Sanfo
and the Dime Boys?
Honestly, I think Sanfo's just
using me for my sick yard.
Happy Halloween, Bri,
you total loon.
Happy Halloween, Stewie.
Man, that yard is going to be
the place to be this summer.
[Stewie]
Maybe this is the summer
I get back into croquet.
We do have the space.
[Brian] Yeah, lot of potench.
[Stewie groans] Ugh.
Oh, I know what you want.
Here you go, sweetie.
Your fluffy little friend
is all dry and good as new.
[sniffs]
Well, you lost a little stank,
but that should come back
in time.
Oh, my God, Rupert,
you would not believe
what happened.
I animated you to life,
and then you decided to kill--
Yes, to life! Me!
I did it, and then you decided
to kill Brian, because--
No, we do not wish
he was dead.
Not anymore, at least.
And then...
[chuckles] What on earth
do they talk about?
[♪ theme music playing]